This is a tutorial on how to use your D-Wallet.
D-wallet is a decentralized unique wallet to the DeFi world.
In this video, we will show you how
to import tokens in your wallet. To
view your wallet, go to the top right corner. Click
on it. Now, click on 'account details'. You
will see the QR code of your wallet. You can scan
it, add it in a mail or send it even per chat and send
to a person who wants to send crypto to you. Under the QR
code, you will see numbers. These numbers are your
public key. If you click on the numbers, they will be copied
and you can send it to someone who wants to send you
crypto. If you click on the 'View on Etherscan' menu
item, you can view your wallet on etherscan.io and
all the transactions in more information. To export
your private key, click on the menu item and enter your password
that you use to log into D-Wallet. Save
this series of numbers safely. Attention!! Anyone
with this number of the private key can access the wallet from anywhere
and withdraw your assets. Next,
I'll show you how to import tokens into your wallet. At
the moment you only see Ethereum in your assets. Click
assets to continue. Look at the bottom of the page. It
says 'don't see your tokens?' It also says 'Import
tokens' Click on it. In the Import Token
search box, enter the name of the token. In this
video, I choose USDT. Click on
the token and then click next. Then, click import
token. The Token is now visible and available in
your asset overview. Another option is to import
custom tokens. Here you can import
a token if it is not shown or suggested on the Wallet. Go
to Custom Token. One of the things you need to do is
check the contract address of the token. By this
time, we will use another platform to search for any custom coins. You
can search in Etherscan.io or any other block explorers.
Hit the search bar and look for
your desired token or you can filter it out as
coins or token, depending on what you were looking for.
I choose for now EAX token or easy token.
token. You can see the details of that token including
address and transactions. Copy the contact
address of the coin but check if it's the correct coin and go
back to 'copy the address'. Paste the contract
address into the Token Contract Address bar. Then
head to add custom token. You can check the name if it is
the correct token or coin you are looking for before clicking import.
If you are convinced, then click 'import tokens' and
you can now finally see the token in your account, ready to use!
For more information, news, updates
and special offers, visit us at the
D-WALLET.IO